Red 3.4.6 - Changelog (#4743)
Cog-Creators/Red-DiscordBot: docs/changelog_3_4_0.rst

.. 3.4.x Changelogs

Redbot 3.4.6 (2021-02-16)
=========================
| Thanks to all these amazing people that contributed to this release:
| :ghuser:`aikaterna`, :ghuser:`aleclol`, :ghuser:`Andeeeee`, :ghuser:`bobloy`, :ghuser:`BreezeQS`, :ghuser:`Danstr5544`, :ghuser:`Dav-Git`, :ghuser:`Elysweyr`, :ghuser:`Fabian-Evolved`, :ghuser:`fixator10`, :ghuser:`Flame442`, :ghuser:`Injabie3`, :ghuser:`jack1142`, :ghuser:`Kowlin`, :ghuser:`kreusada`, :ghuser:`leblancg`, :ghuser:`maxbooiii`, :ghuser:`NeuroAssassin`, :ghuser:`PredaaA`, :ghuser:`Predeactor`, :ghuser:`retke`, :ghuser:`siu3334`, :ghuser:`Strafee`, :ghuser:`TrustyJAID`, :ghuser:`Vexed01`, :ghuser:`yamikaitou`

Read before updating
--------------------

1. Information for Audio users that are using an external Lavalink instance (if you don't know what that is, you should skip this point):

    Red 3.4.6 uses a new Lavalink jar that you will need to manually update from `our GitHub <https://github.com/Cog-Creators/Lavalink-Jars/releases/tag/3.3.2.3_1199>`__.

End-user changelog
------------------

Core Bot
********

> - Fixed rotation of Red's logs that could before result in big disk usage (:issue:`4405`, :issue:`4738`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the rotation of Red's logs that could before result in big disk usage (:issue:`4405`, :issue:`4738`)
```

- Fixed command usage in the help messages for few commands in Red (:issue:`4599`, :issue:`4733`)
- Fixed errors in ``[p]command defaultdisablecog`` and ``[p]command defaultenablecog`` commands (:issue:`4767`, :issue:`4768`)

> - ``[p]command listdisabled guild`` can no longer be ran in DMs (:issue:`4771`, :issue:`4772`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``[p]command listdisabled guild`` can no longer be run in DMs (:issue:`4771`, :issue:`4772`)
```

> - Improved and fixed a lot of things about our new (colorful) logging (:issue:`4702`, :issue:`4726`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved and fixed a lot of issues with our new (colorful) logging (:issue:`4702`, :issue:`4726`)
```

Author: "issues" doesn't really work well with "Improved" here

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improvements and fixes for our new (colorful) logging (:issue:`4702`, :issue:`4726`)
```
How about that?

Author: Awesome!

>     - Used colors have been adjusted to be readable on many more terminal applications

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The colors used have been adjusted to be readable on many more terminal applications
```

>     - ``NO_COLOR`` environment variable can now be set to forcefully disable all colors in the console output

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The ``NO_COLOR`` environment variable can now be set to forcefully disable all colors in the console output
```

>     - Tracebacks will now use full width of the terminal again

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Tracebacks will now use the full width of the terminal again
```

>     - Tracebacks no longer contain multiple lines per stack level (this can now be changed with ``-rich-traceback-extra-lines`` flag)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Tracebacks no longer contain multiple lines per stack level (this can now be changed with the flag ``-rich-traceback-extra-lines``)
```

    - Disabled syntax highlighting on the log messages
    - Dev cog no longer captures logging output
    - Added some cool features for developers

>         - Added ``--rich-traceback-extra-lines`` flag which can be used to set the number of additional lines in tracebacks
>         - Added ``--rich-traceback-show-locals`` flag which enables showing local variables in tracebacks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Added the flag ``--rich-traceback-extra-lines`` which can be used to set the number of additional lines in tracebacks
        - Added the flag ``--rich-traceback-show-locals`` which enables showing local variables in tracebacks
```

>     - Improved and fixed few other minor things

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Improved and fixed a few other minor things
```

> - Added a friendly error message to ``[p]load`` that is shown when trying to load a cog with command name that is already taken by a different cog (:issue:`3870`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a friendly error message to ``[p]load`` that is shown when trying to load a cog with a command name that is already taken by a different cog (:issue:`3870`)
```

- Help now includes command aliases in the command help (:issue:`3040`)

    - This can be disabled with ``[p]helpset showaliases`` command

- Fixed errors appearing when using Ctrl+C to interrupt ``redbot --edit`` (:issue:`3777`, :issue:`4572`)

Audio
*****

- Improved detection of embed players for fallback on age-restricted YT tracks (:issue:`4818`, :issue:`4819`)
- Improved MP4/AAC decoding (:issue:`4818`, :issue:`4819`)

> - Requests for YT tracks are now retried if initial request causes connection reset (:issue:`4818`, :issue:`4819`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Requests for YT tracks are now retried if the initial request causes a connection reset (:issue:`4818`, :issue:`4819`)
```

Cleanup
*******

> - Renamed ``[p]cleanup spam`` command to ``[p]cleanup duplicates`` with the old name kept as an alias for the time being (:issue:`4814`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Renamed the ``[p]cleanup spam`` command to ``[p]cleanup duplicates``, with the old name kept as an alias for the time being (:issue:`4814`)
```

> - Fixed too big integer passed as message ID raising an error in ``[p]cleanup after`` and ``[p]cleanup before`` (:issue:`4791`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an error from passing an overly large integer as a message ID to ``[p]cleanup after`` and ``[p]cleanup before`` (:issue:`4791`)
```

Dev Cog
*******

- Help descriptions of the cog and its commands now get translated properly (:issue:`4815`)

Economy
*******

- ``[p]economyset rolepaydayamount`` can now remove the previously set payday amount (:issue:`4661`, :issue:`4758`)

Filter
******

> - Added ``filterhit`` case type which is used to log filter hits (:issue:`4676`, :issue:`4739`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a case type ``filterhit`` which is used to log filter hits (:issue:`4676`, :issue:`4739`)
```

Mod
***

> - ``[p]tempban`` command no longer errors out when trying to ban a user in a guild with vanity url feature that doesn't have vanity url set (:issue:`4714`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The ``[p]tempban`` command no longer errors out when trying to ban a user in a guild with the vanity url feature that doesn't have a vanity url set (:issue:`4714`)
```

> - Fixed the edge case in role hierarchy checks (:issue:`4740`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an edge case in role hierarchy checks (:issue:`4740`)
```

- Added two new settings for disabling username and nickname tracking (:issue:`4799`)

>     - Added ``[p]modset trackallnames`` command that allows to disable username tracking and override the nickname tracking setting for all guilds
>     - Added ``[p]modset tracknicknames`` command that allows to disable nickname tracking in a specific guild

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Added a command ``[p]modset trackallnames`` that disables username tracking and overrides the nickname tracking setting for all guilds
    - Added a command ``[p]modset tracknicknames`` that disables nickname tracking in a specific guild
```

- Added usage examples to ``[p]kick``, ``[p]ban``, ``[p]massban``, and ``[p]tempban`` (:issue:`4712`, :issue:`4715`)
- Updated DM on kick/ban to use bot's default embed color (:issue:`4822`)

Modlog
******

> - Added ``[p]listcases`` command that allows you to see multiple cases for user at once (:issue:`4426`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a command ``[p]listcases`` that allows you to see multiple cases for a user at once (:issue:`4426`)
```

- Added typing indicator to ``[p]casesfor`` command (:issue:`4426`)

Mutes
*****

> - Fixed the edge case in role hierarchy checks (:issue:`4740`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an edge case in role hierarchy checks (:issue:`4740`)
```

> - Reason no longer contains leading whitespace when it's passed *after* mute time (:issue:`4749`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The ``reason`` parameter no longer contains leading whitespace when it's passed *after* the mute time (:issue:`4749`)
```

Author: Maybe this works?
```suggestion
- The modlog reason no longer contains leading whitespace when it's passed *after* the mute time (:issue:`4749`)
```

Reviewer: Yeah that's fine too.

> - Mutes cog can now send a DM to the (un)muted user on mute and unmute (:issue:`3752`, :issue:`4563`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A DM can now be sent to the (un)muted user on mute and unmute (:issue:`3752`, :issue:`4563`)
```

    - Added ``[p]muteset senddm`` to set whether the DM should be sent (function disabled by default)
    - Added ``[p]muteset showmoderator`` to set whether the DM sent to the user should include the name of the moderator that muted the user (function disabled by default)

> - Added more role hierarchy checks to ensure it can't be bypassed on servers with careless configuration (:issue:`4741`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added more role hierarchy checks to ensure permission escalations cannot occur on servers with a careless configuration (:issue:`4741`)
```

- Help descriptions of the cog and its commands now get translated properly (:issue:`4815`)

Reports
*******

> - Updated the output of Reports cog to use default embed color for the embeds it sends (:issue:`4800`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reports now use the default embed color of the bot (:issue:`4800`)
```

Streams
*******

- Fixed incorrect timezone offsets for some YouTube stream schedules (:issue:`4693`, :issue:`4694`)

> - Fixed meaningless errors happening when YouTube API key becomes invalid or when the YouTube quota is exceeded (:issue:`4745`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed meaningless errors happening when the YouTube API key becomes invalid or when the YouTube quota is exceeded (:issue:`4745`)
```

Trivia
******

- Payout for trivia sessions ending in a tie now gets split between all the players with the highest score (:issue:`3931`, :issue:`4649`)

Trivia Lists
************

- Added new Who's That Pokémon - Gen. VI trivia list (:issue:`4785`)

> - Updated answers regarding some of the hero's health and abilities in ``overwatch`` trivia (:issue:`4805`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated answers regarding some of the hero's health and abilities in the ``overwatch`` trivia list (:issue:`4805`)
```

Developer changelog
-------------------

Core Bot
********

- Updated versions of the libraries used in Red: discord.py to 1.6.0, aiohttp to 3.7.3 (:issue:`4728`)

> - Added ``on_red_before_identify`` event that is dispatched before IDENTIFYing a session (:issue:`4647`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added an event ``on_red_before_identify`` that is dispatched before IDENTIFYing a session (:issue:`4647`)
```

Utility Functions
*****************

> - Added `redbot.core.utils.chat_formatting.spoiler()` function that wraps the given text in a spoiler (:issue:`4754`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a function `redbot.core.utils.chat_formatting.spoiler()` that wraps the given text in a spoiler (:issue:`4754`)
```

Dev Cog
*******

- Cogs can now add their own variables to the environment of ``[p]debug``, ``[p]eval``, and ``[p]repl`` commands (:issue:`4667`)

    - Variables can be added and removed from the environment of Dev cog using two new methods:

        - `bot.add_dev_env_value() <RedBase.add_dev_env_value()>`
        - `bot.remove_dev_env_value() <RedBase.remove_dev_env_value()>`

Documentation changes
---------------------

- Added `cog guide for Filter cog <cog_guides/filter>` (:issue:`4579`)
- Added information about the Red Index to `guide_publish_cogs` (:issue:`4778`)
- Restructured the host list (:issue:`4710`)
- Clarified how to use pm2 with ``pyenv virtualenv`` (:issue:`4709`)

> - Updated pip command for Red with postgres extra in `install_linux_mac` document to work on zsh shell (:issue:`4697`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the pip command for Red with the postgres extra in `install_linux_mac` document to work on zsh shell (:issue:`4697`)
```

    - The ``NO_COLOR`` environment variable can now be set to forcefully disable all colors in the console output
    - Tracebacks will now use the full width of the terminal again
    - Tracebacks no longer contain multiple lines per stack level (this can now be changed with the flag ``-rich-traceback-extra-lines``)
    - Disabled syntax highlighting on the log messages
    - Dev cog no longer captures logging output
    - Added some cool features for developers

        - Added the flag ``--rich-traceback-extra-lines`` which can be used to set the number of additional lines in tracebacks
        - Added the flag ``--rich-traceback-show-locals`` which enables showing local variables in tracebacks

    - Improved and fixed a few other minor things

- Added a friendly error message to ``[p]load`` that is shown when trying to load a cog with a command name that is already taken by a different cog (:issue:`3870`)
- Help now includes command aliases in the command help (:issue:`3040`)

    - This can be disabled with ``[p]helpset showaliases`` command

- Fixed errors appearing when using Ctrl+C to interrupt ``redbot --edit`` (:issue:`3777`, :issue:`4572`)

Admin
*****

> - Added ``[p]selfrole register`` command that adds or removes a selfrole from the user running it (:issue:`4660`)

Author: ```suggestion
- Added the command ``[p]selfrole register`` that adds or removes a selfrole from the user running it (:issue:`4660`)
```
